readme.md, before:

# Environment Variables Documentation

This document lists all environment variables used across the different services and configuration files.

---

### 🛡️ Watchtower Service

| Variable              | Required | Default Value | Description                                             |
|-----------------------|----------|---------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| `WATCHTOWER_SCHEDULE` | ❌ No     | `0 0 4 * * *` | Cron expression defining update schedule for containers |

---

### 🗄️ Database Service

| Variable            | Required | Default Value | Description                  |
|---------------------|----------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `POSTGRES_USER`     | ✅ Yes    | –             | PostgreSQL database username |
| `POSTGRES_PASSWORD` | ✅ Yes    | –             | PostgreSQL database password |
| `POSTGRES_DB`       | ✅ Yes    | –             | PostgreSQL database name     |

---

### ⚙️ API Service

| Variable                       | Required | Default Value | Description                                                |
|--------------------------------|----------|---------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| `POSTGRES_USER`                | ✅ Yes    | –             | PostgreSQL database username                               |
| `POSTGRES_PASSWORD`            | ✅ Yes    | –             | PostgreSQL database password                               |
| `POSTGRES_DB`                  | ✅ Yes    | –             | PostgreSQL database name                                   |
| `POSTGRES_URL`                 | ❌ No     | `hopital-db`  | Hostname or URL of the PostgreSQL server                   |
| `POSTGRES_PORT`                | ❌ No     | `5432`        | PostgreSQL server port                                     |
| `APPLICATION_URL`              | ✅ Yes    | –             | Base URL of the web application                            |
| `MAIL_SMTP_HOST`               | ✅ Yes    | –             | SMTP server hostname                                       |
| `MAIL_SMTP_PORT`               | ✅ Yes    | –             | SMTP server port                                           |
| `MAIL_ADDRESS_FROM`            | ✅ Yes    | –             | Email address used in the "From" field of outgoing emails  |
| `MAIL_SMTP_AUTH`               | ❌ No     | `False`       | Whether SMTP authentication is enabled (`True` or `False`) |
| `MAIL_SMTP_USER`               | ❌ No     | –             | SMTP username (if authentication is enabled)               |
| `MAIL_SMTP_PASSWORD`           | ❌ No     | –             | SMTP password (if authentication is enabled)               |
| `MAIL_SMTP_STARTTTLS_ENABLE`   | ❌ No     | `False`       | Whether to enable STARTTLS (`True` or `False`)             |
| `MAIL_SMTP_STARTTTLS_REQUIRED` | ❌ No     | `False`       | Whether STARTTLS is required (`True` or `False`)           |
| `HOPITAL_VERSION`              | ✅ Yes    | –             | Deployment type: either `deploy` or `staging`              |

Commit message:

add support email address and email subject title to environment variables

readme.md, after:

# Environment Variables Documentation

This document lists all environment variables used across the different services and configuration files.

---

### 🛡️ Watchtower Service

| Variable              | Required | Default Value | Description                                             |
|-----------------------|----------|---------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| `WATCHTOWER_SCHEDULE` | ❌ No     | `0 0 4 * * *` | Cron expression defining update schedule for containers |

---

### 🗄️ Database Service

| Variable            | Required | Default Value | Description                  |
|---------------------|----------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `POSTGRES_USER`     | ✅ Yes    | –             | PostgreSQL database username |
| `POSTGRES_PASSWORD` | ✅ Yes    | –             | PostgreSQL database password |
| `POSTGRES_DB`       | ✅ Yes    | –             | PostgreSQL database name     |

---

### ⚙️ API Service

| Variable                       | Required | Default Value       | Description                                                |
|--------------------------------|----------|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| `POSTGRES_USER`                | ✅ Yes    | –                   | PostgreSQL database username                               |
| `POSTGRES_PASSWORD`            | ✅ Yes    | –                   | PostgreSQL database password                               |
| `POSTGRES_DB`                  | ✅ Yes    | –                   | PostgreSQL database name                                   |
| `POSTGRES_URL`                 | ❌ No     | `hopital-db`        | Hostname or URL of the PostgreSQL server                   |
| `POSTGRES_PORT`                | ❌ No     | `5432`              | PostgreSQL server port                                     |
| `APPLICATION_URL`              | ✅ Yes    | –                   | Base URL of the web application                            |
| `MAIL_SMTP_HOST`               | ✅ Yes    | –                   | SMTP server hostname                                       |
| `MAIL_SMTP_PORT`               | ✅ Yes    | –                   | SMTP server port                                           |
| `MAIL_ADDRESS_FROM`            | ✅ Yes    | –                   | Email address used in the "From" field of outgoing emails  |
| `MAIL_SMTP_AUTH`               | ❌ No     | `False`             | Whether SMTP authentication is enabled (`True` or `False`) |
| `MAIL_SMTP_USER`               | ❌ No     | –                   | SMTP username (if authentication is enabled)               |
| `MAIL_SMTP_PASSWORD`           | ❌ No     | –                   | SMTP password (if authentication is enabled)               |
| `MAIL_SMTP_STARTTTLS_ENABLE`   | ❌ No     | `False`             | Whether to enable STARTTLS (`True` or `False`)             |
| `MAIL_SMTP_STARTTTLS_REQUIRED` | ❌ No     | `False`             | Whether STARTTLS is required (`True` or `False`)           |
| `HOPITAL_VERSION`              | ✅ Yes    | –                   | Deployment type: either `deploy` or `staging`              |
| `MAIL_ADDRESS_SUPPORT`         | ✅ Yes    | support@hnfc.fr     | Support email address                                      |
| `PRE_SUBJECT_TITLE`            | ✅ Yes    | Suivi de la douleur | First part of the object for all the email sent            |
